# Guillermo Guerini

São Paulo, Brazil | [guillermo@gguerini.com](guillermo@gguerini.com) | [http://gguerini.com](http://gguerini.com)

## Software Developer

**Ruby on Rails | C# .NET**

### *Summary*

Software Developer with 10+ years of experience delivering innovative and quality solutions for diverse industries. Focused on web and mobile technologies. Expert in C#, ASP.NET MVC, .NET framework, recently switched to Ruby on Rails and other open source technologies. Always open and willing to learn new technologies and interested in a challenging career.

### *Experienced in:*
- Developing web applications and services
- Analysis and design of databases and user interfaces
- Working with agile methodologies
- Implementing software development life cycle policies and procedures
- Managing and supporting multiple projects
- Effective communicator with good leadership and project management skills
- Highly adaptable in quickly changing technical environments with strong organizational and analytical skills
 
### *Work Experience:*

###### **Antlia IT Consultancy - July 2010 - February 2012 - São Paulo, Brazil**  
*Software Developer - Project Leader*

- Re-engineered parts of a critical financial system, fixing bugs, adding new features, which resulted in an over 200% performance increase.
- Designated to be the Project Leader of various projects due to impressive results and client satisfaction, leading to new opportunities for the company.
- Responsible for developing solutions for one of the biggest private banks in Brazil, using Microsoft SharePoint, ASP.NET and C# 
- Introduced and evangelized new technologies to the company such as Ruby on Rails, ASP.NET MVC and jQuery
- Applied successfully agile metrologies in a non-agile-friendly environment

**Technologies Used:** SharePoint, ASP.NET, C# e .NET 3.5, jQuery, RubyOnRails e SQL Server.

###### **KokoonMe - October 2009 - Present - London, England**  
*Co-Founder  - Software Engineer*

- Co-founded this London based health startup.
- Responsible for delivering all technological solutions, including analysis, front and back-end development
- Assisted in the creation of the brand, designing the web site UI, logo and other marketing solutions.
- Added social features integrating it with Facebook and Twitter

*Technologies Used:* Ruby on Rails, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3 (current version in development) - ASP.NET MVC, C#, jQuery, SQL Server (first version)

###### **Freelancer - May 2008 – October 2009 – Buenos Aires, Argentina; Milan, Italy, Seville, Spain**  
*Software Developer - Project Manager*

- Wake-up call in professional career. Exposed to new technologies that helped me think “outside the box”.
- Analyzed, developed and deployed small and medium size projects for several clients in Brazil and United States. 

*Technologies Used:* ASP.NET MVC, C#, jQuery, CSS, SQL Server and MySql.

###### **T-Systems Brazil - February 2007 – May 2008 – São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil**  
*Analyst Developer*

- Successfully migrated the Volkswagen Call Center System (Remedy ARS/SQL Server) to the Oracle platform, supporting the existing legacy system until its retirement.
- Lead Developer of many applications for the Volkswagen Dealers Network Intranet and for the Volkswagen Marketing/CRM area.
- Developed communication skills to intermediate and improve the managers and client’s relationship.

*Technologies Used:* ASP.NET, C#, Ajax, SQL Server and Oracle.

###### **Allianz Brazil - November 2006 – February 2007 - São Paulo, Brazil**  
*Analyst Developer*

- Participated in the migration of a critical system, developed in Oracle Forms to the .NET platform.

*Technologies Used:* ASP.NET, C# and Oracle.

###### **Telefónica Brazil - July 2006 - November 2006 - São Paulo, Brazil**  
*Analyst Developer*

- Became one of the Lead Developers of a sales system migration in the middle of a delayed project. Helped put it back on track and delivered it with quality that was higher then the client expectations. 
- Developed and implemented many functionalities for the migrated system to support the new client's requirements.

*Technologies Used:* ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, Ajax and SQL Server.

###### **Grupo Pão de Açúcar - July 2005 - June 2006 - São Paulo, Brazil**  
*Analyst Developer*

- Responsible for the analysis and development of a Campaign Analysis system for the Marketing/CRM area of the largest Brazilian supermarket group
- Integrated the Campaign Analysis system with the company's Business Intelligence using Teradata and SAS
- First to implement AJAX functionalities to legacy systems improving significantly the performance and user’s satisfaction

*Technologies Used:* ASP Classic, Visual Basic 6, ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, XML, Teradata and Oracle.

###### **Ford Credit Brazil - December 2003 - June 2005 - São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil**  
*Analyst Developer*

-Collaborated in the development of a web application to manage all the wholesale operations providing reports and analytic data to the users. This application was used in Brazil, Latin America and the United States.

*Technologies Used:* ASP.NET, C#, XML, Java, Struts, JSP, EJB, Oracle e DB2.

### Education & Certifications:

- Database Technologist with focus on Software Development and Project Management - Instituto Brasileiro de Tecnologia Avançada - São Paulo, Brazil (completed in June 2006)
- Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) - (December 2011)  
	- .NET Framework 4, Service Communication Applications
	- .NET Framework 4, Web Applications

### Languages:

- English Fluent
- Portuguese Fluent
- Spanish Intermediate
